Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord! As you can see, we are at the beach.
We went to the Fort Lauderdale healing service with Billy Burke.
My family had a miracle in itself: we flew into Fort Lauderdale and the plane was full, so Megan went and sat next to people she didn't even know.
She sat there the whole flight, never had an outburst, and never acted out once.
She was walking in complete peace the whole three-hour flight.
Wasn't it amazing? The power of God touched Megan even on the way here.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, you're going to experience some things; don't get upset about what is about to happen.'I didn't know that Megan wasn't going to be able to sit with us.
I thought she would have to sit next to me or Diana, but she sat next to this lady and didn't even act out.
It was glorious to see the power of the Lord give her peace like that and the transformation of the healing process that's going on. Pastor Billy was talking about expecting now.
Remember I told you all two or three videos ago to believe for the expiration date of what you're going through—that there's an expiration date for your life circumstances.
With your finances, it may be that you say, 'I've been living in this poverty all my life; my parents and grandparents were poor.'But there's always a sudden change for your life circumstances.
I believe that you could be the generation that breaks the back of poverty, the generation that breaks the back of generational curses, sickness, and disease.
You could be the generation that says, 'Thus far and no further, Satan! You are not going to bring down my family.
We're going to walk in abundance, healing, and deliverance.'As for me and this generation, I'm going to be a generational barrier breaker.
It's time. Even what Pastor Billy said last night: stop always believing for tomorrow; believe for now. Put a mandate on the Spirit of God to move in your life.
Say, 'God, I expect a miracle.'Just like the woman with the issue of blood who reached out by faith and said, 'If I can touch the hem of His garment, I'll be whole.'She had expectation for the manifestation of what she was believing for.
After he said all that, it just reconfirmed everything the Lord had said to me: 'Brandon, it's time to believe big.'It's time to believe Him for supernatural abundance in 2025.
That is why I'm going all in, whatever it takes, to go to these meetings for impartation. When John G.
Lake, Smith Wigglesworth, and all the greats went to Azusa Street, there was a cross-pollination of flowers.
Bees bring the cross-pollination, and that's what I'm believing for—a cross-pollination, taking back what's in these meetings and being filled with an expectation for manifestation.
When I pray for you all on this channel, believe for your miracle—that there is a cross-pollination of flowers and a cross-pollination of healing anointing.
When you get around miracles, miracles get around you. Wake up every day with an expectation that God's going to do something big.
Even if you don't have an opportunity to get to those services, believe God. There are meetings in Chattanooga, Orlando, and Tampa.
I thank God for the provision to get this cross-pollination anointing to bring it back to Glorious Church.
I believe that this is a time like never before. Remember what I told you all about the 25th of December and the Chariots of Fire bringing the gifts?
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm about to do something like I've never done before on this earth.
You're about to see mantles of glory like you've never seen before.'You've got to put yourself in a position to receive.
By watching this channel and staying stirred up, you are adding oxygen to that Holy Ghost fire.
Diana and I are desperate enough in this circumstance to travel thousands of miles for a move of God.
It's been a little treat today coming to the beach and seeing the seagulls.
My little girl has never been to the beach, and she's like, 'Daddy, this is glorious.'Raven, hasn't it been fun?
It's beautiful, even if it's overcast. The sand reminds us that His thoughts for you are more than the grains of sand.
He's thinking something big and glorious for you. He wants you to prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
If you, being evil, give good gifts to your children, how much more does your Heavenly Father give good gifts to you if you ask Him?
Just like that woman with the issue of blood, reach out for the hem of His garment and believe that God's going to show up and show off in your life.
I told you before about the asteroid that will strike one day out by San Juan, Puerto Rico.
In a vision, I saw that massive asteroid and the tsunami wave that goes over these buildings.
One day, Wormwood will come on the scene and wreak havoc. I believe that could be during the tribulation.
If the Rapture of the church has taken place and you're in the tribulation, know that a massive asteroid called Wormwood will hit near San Juan.
It will be devastating; the wave will go miles inland and cover those buildings.
I look at people on the beach and wonder if they realize how close the Lord's coming is.
Last night, Billy said, 'There's something about Fort Lauderdale that I feel we're going to be more of a part of.'In this city, there's something major about to take place.
You can feel the tangible presence of darkness in a city that doesn't have a big prayer covering like Tulsa.
You can feel that in Fort Lauderdale there needs to be a move of God.
You can feel the difference in the prayer covering from Tulsa to Fort Lauderdale.
This city needs more churches to bring forth the glory and pray in the harvest.
There's going to be a great shaking for a great awakening, and we're just on the cusp of the greatest move of God.
Diana, tell them what happened last night. 'Last night, while he was doing the healing service, he was praying over someone right in front of us.
When he came up, I could smell the presence of the Lord. It was a beautiful fragrance.
As soon as that fragrance of glory hit me, I closed my eyes and was just breathing it in.
The next thing I knew, he touched me and I was on the ground. I had this buzzing, electrical feeling starting in my sinuses.
My ear has been clogged for a long time and I had gotten used to it, but as soon as I was there, an electric current went through my face and my ear just popped open.'Her ears were strawberry red, like someone had painted them; they were on fire from the presence of God.
'Then it traveled down my spine to my legs and I started trembling.
I've been slain in the presence of the Lord before, but never like this.'Her limbs were shaking profusely; she couldn't even function her hand right.
'Usually, the presence settles in my legs and I can function my upper body, but this time it was my whole body.
I just relished in His presence. It was heavenly, with the greatest sense of peace and joy.'You had a glow about you.
'I laid there until the service was almost over. When I tried to get up, my lower body wouldn't function.
My mind thought I was getting up, but my body just wasn't working.'When it was all over, I had to carry her outside.
I told her, 'Diana, we've got to walk you through the lobby; they're going to think you're drunk on alcohol.'But she was drunk on the Holy Ghost!
She was slurring her words, doing the 'Holy Ghost shuffle'like Fred Flintstone with those 'Yabba Dabba Doo'feet.
I was almost jealous! If we both got it, we would have been sitting there until 4:00 in the morning.
They would've given me a breathalyzer test! Diana, do you think you'll ever be the same?
'Never. It ignites a fire in you that just gets bigger and bigger.
I want to be a wildfire for Jesus.'I like that: a wildfire for Jesus.
It's about radical impartation and cross-pollination. We're hungry for a visitation.
We don't just visit there; we live there. We take it home with us.
'I'm constantly a work in progress on that Potter's wheel.'I felt so inadequate in that presence; it makes you realize how much more dying to self you have to do.
It's all by grace. If you go to a service, don't just sing words; sing from your heart to Him.
The Lord told Diana, 'Don't just sing about Me; sing to Me.'When you see miracles happen, don't lose the wow factor.
I was told not to become familiar with them. When you see a miracle, jump out of your chair and dance! Tell them about the man healed of prostate cancer.
'He was given four months to live years ago, but his PSA count was completely normal.'If God did that for him, will He do it for you?
Why do we go wild for a touchdown but not for a miracle? I want church unusual.
Billy Burke says to talk to God every day. Don't just use 'Christianese'lingo.
Let the Holy Spirit flow how He wants. I want authentic, and when we go to Billy Burke, we experience authentic.
It's like finding a unicorn. This is just the beginning. The temperature change from the negatives to the 80s is a big change, just like the things to come.
How bad do you want change? It won't come if you're lazy. God loves you and wants a relationship with you.
He can fix everything in just a second in His presence. 'Hours of therapy couldn't fix what He fixed in one second.'Kathryn Kuhlman knew that.
We're 'Holy Ghost junkies.'Once you get that touch, keep the fire going. Put more wood on the fire! Be radical.
Oklahoma is 'fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, ignited with His glory.'That's what Kenneth Hagin Sr.
and Brother Kenneth Hagin got by the Spirit of God. We are so grateful for where God has put us.
Like and subscribe to help the algorithm. And watch out for scammers asking for crypto!
We will never ask you for money or private message you. God bless you all. Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart. Bye-bye.